# AI_gym

In this project I explored unsupervised machine learning using Open AI gym environments. The project took me from very basic learning on random moves through q learning and deep q learning to coding my custom envrionment. Very brief high level descriptions of each stage of the project are provided below.

1. Cart_pole - At first the environment was controlled randomly to collect data. Data was then auto labelled (good/bad moves), so a neural network could learn on it. The outcome was so good that random inputs were added to make the environment harder to control.
2. Mountain_car - Q learning - All possible environment states are mapped (in bins to save memory) and all possible moves in those situations are given a value that show how efficient they will lid to the correct outcome. Values are random at first but after the algorithm stumbles upon the right destination the moves that led there start to be rewarded and are more likely to be chosen in the future.
3. Lunar_lander - Deep Q learning - Neural network is initialized with number of inputs equal to the environment observation space, and number of outputs equal to number of different possible action. At first moves are chosen randomly and data is gathered. Before each move model makes a prediction and the output (how good each action is in this situation) is corrected based of the reward that the performed action got and saved for later training. After each move model is trained on random set of moves already taken.
4. Car_racing - Deep Q learning - This project uses the algorithm form Lunar_lander rewritten into object based code creating and "agent" that can control different environments without any rewrites. This environment returns an rgb image instead of observation space, so the algorithm was adjusted to use an cnn instead of fcnn.
5. Egg_catcher_env - Simple custom enviroment that requires planing few moves ahead. Good and bad "eggs" fall from the top of the screen and agent need to control a "basket" at the bottom so it would catch as many good ones as possible avoiding bad ones at the same time.
